What if you could turn this into reality just by
typing a sentence? Hi, I'm Kevin, and Google just
released Veo3, an AI video generator that turns
your imagination into cinematic quality videos
using nothing more than a simple prompt. In this
video, I'll walk you through exactly how to use
Veo3, how to write better prompts and how to get
the most out of it, even if you're brand new to AI
video tools. Oh, and best of all, you could use it
for free for an entire month. Let's dive in. So,
what is Google Veo3? Veo3 is Google's latest
AI video generation model built by DeepMind,
and it lets you create cinematic quality videos
from just a text prompt. It understands things
like camera movement, lighting and composition,
so the results feel polished and natural,
far beyond most AI tools. But here's what really
sets it apart. Veo3 doesn't just generate video.
It also adds audio automatically. Like here
in this example, I'm one with nature now.
Nature would prefer some personal space. That
includes background music, ambient sound effects
and even voice narration if you want it to
speak specific lines of text. And honestly,
it looks darn good. To use Veo3, you need
a paid plan. The good news, though, you can
try it for free for the first month, giving you a
chance to see everything that Veo3 is capable of.
You can explore the available plans using the
link right down below on the screen. Both plans
include access to Veo3. In addition to AI video
generation, you also get access to things like
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and more, plus you also get
two terabytes of storage for your Google Photos,
Drive, and email. All in all, it's a solid deal
and pretty much in line with what other companies
are charging for their AI tools. Once you've
signed up for a plan, head over to the address
at the bottom of the screen and then sign in
with your Google account. This drops us into
the Gemini chat interface. And at the bottom of
the screen, you'll see the prompt field along
with a few different tools. Let's click on the one
titled video, and that turns on Veo3. From there,
you could start typing in your prompt. Let's try
one, a cinematic slow motion shot of freshly baked
chocolate chip cookies being pulled out of the
oven. Then you could also offer information like
where is it? Here, I want it to be in a cozy
sunlit kitchen. You could also talk about the
lighting. I want it to be warm. What the focus
should look like. Any atmospheric effects like
steam rising. And also, if you want to include
any music, the more details you provide,
the closer the resulting video will match what
you had in mind. Once you're done entering in
your prompt, in the bottom right, let's submit
that. Let's now watch how it turned out.
Oh, overall, that's really impressive.
I did notice a few issues, for example,
for whatever reason, some of the chocolate
chips completely melted on top of the cookie.
But overall, it matches my prompt really closely.
I'm really impressed. One cool feature of Veo3 is
that it doesn't just generate video. It can
also add narration. If you want it to speak
specific lines of text, just include that text
in quotes as part of your prompt. Right here,
I'll type in my prompt, and at the very end, I
call out that this is the narration, and then
here I have all the text that I wanted to narrate
included in quotes. Once you enter that in as part
of your prompt, let's submit that. Let's preview
how this turned out. History is being made. The
Kevin Cookie Company unveils the world's largest
chocolate chip cookie. That voice really fits the
part. Once you're satisfied with the way your
video turned out, it's really easy to download.
Simply hover over your video, then in the top
right-hand corner, you'll see this download
icon. Simply click on that and it'll download an
MP4 file onto your computer. And that's it. You're
ready to use your AI generated video wherever
you want. One really helpful trick when you're
not sure how to phrase your Veo3 prompt is to just
ask Gemini. Since Veo3 lives right inside Gemini,
you can use the same chat to help you refine or
improve your ideas before you generate the video.
Now, let's say I want to make a video about the
Kevin Cookie Company baking the world's largest
chocolate chip cookie, but I'm not quite sure
how to word it to get that cinematic storybook
vibe. Right down below, I could simply ask Gemini.
So here I could type in, can you help me write a
cinematic video prompt about a team of bakers
making the world's largest cookie? Then let's
submit that. Right up above, Gemini suggests
a much more descriptive version. It includes
things like the camera angles, the lighting,
the background music, even the pacing. Now here
I could take this as it is and I could paste it
into the prompt field and then I can make tweaks
to it to match exactly what I'm looking for. If we
scroll down a little bit more, here I have another
option. So, I could look through that to see if
maybe this is a better fit. And all the way down
at the bottom, I even have tips on the types of
things to include in my prompts to get the best
results. So, if you're ever stuck or you just want
your prompt to sound more epic, just let Gemini
do all the heavy lifting. If you ever want to go
back and watch a video that you generated earlier,
it's super easy. Just look over on the left-hand
side of the Gemini interface under recent,
and here you'll see a list of all of your past
chats. Here I could click into any one of them
and I see the associated video with that chat.
And just like that, we've officially baked the
world's largest chocolate chip cookie.
Or did we? What's real and what's not?
Can we even tell anymore? How do you know this
video is real? Don't, I mean, don't worry. I'm not
generated by Veo3. At least I don't think I am.
How can I prove it? Oh, this face is way too
good to be generated by AI. This is the
best cookie I've ever sampled. Flavor,
texture, everything is perfect.
Everyone agrees. Kevin Cookie Company
cookies are the best in the world. Thousands
are lining up for a taste of cookie greatness.